What are you doing?
Everyone, don’t be afraid of good food at night
Face is new to power original.
We almost gave up on your existence.
I'm so sorry, try it soon.
Mr. Xuan Ling, it’s boring.
Or else the dishes will be served. You two just fight and rely on us.
I'm wrong. On such an important occasion,
You actually said such words,
You want to make things difficult for us, right?
embarrassment, grooming
Since you save your sleeves and talk like this
Then let's open the skylight and say sorry
We are different
Become the head of the Lingling family
This is a family affair of our Ling family
We usually need anything from you
You are the head of the Ling family
Of course it's none of our business
But you have to accept the Suzusha Group
Then it's none of our business here.
business-minded
There are people who sell connections
Both of us are in every position
Yancheng has been operating Shangdao for ten years
They are all accomplished internal personnel.
The emperors of Yancheng committed suicide together
Don't you want to sit with us?
Not even to accompany the family
but i love you
Quickly abdicate after the fact
Let the Lin family take over Tianchen
Major projects of the group
I wish the Lin family was victorious.
I'm going to do something right now